# DH 110 Assignment 04 Persona + Usage Scenario

## The Purpose of UX Storytelling
> The purpose of UX storytelling is for the designer to put themselves in the shoes and viewpoint of their user and how they would interact with the product, or in this case, a website. The first step is to create a persona, like creating an in-game character model, but it’s based off of the user research conducted early (usability testing or contextual inquiries). There would be multiple personas with different goals, motivations, and/or needs, but interacting with the same product. Hopefully, this would uncover more flaws on the design before finalization so it can be improved. Creating a story from beginning to end will allow for a smooth process for both the user and the system and therefore create a better product. 
## Persona 1: Elaina Pascuela - single mother working at a daycare center

### Elaina's Scenario
#### Elaina just finished up her morning shift at the daycare center near College of the Desert campus after saying a sweet goodbye to her child. She is now going to her Developmental Psychology class in the afternoon. She did a double take to her right. On the announcement board , a flyer says,”FOOD DRIVE TODAY! on campus” but with yesterday’s date. Elaina sighs in disappointment. She’s been so busy lately that she has not gone to the grocery store in over a week and is now relying on whatever is left in her pantry. The food drive would have been perfect to fit in her schedule if it was today. She sees at the bottom of the flyer, “For more information visit collegeofthedesert.edu!” Elaina had some minutes to kill before class, so she thought why not go to the link. She’s grasping for any opportunity at this point to save herself the stress of spending more time, money, and energy even if it’s a basic necessity. Elaina wants to ask for help even though it makes her uncomfortable since she believes that other people are more in need than her. Perhaps, she’s even a little prideful that she was able to get this far as a a single mother with minimal help. She has never been to a food pantry before and does not have any idea what it will be like either. She tried googling this before, but she finds the websites intimidating. 
 
#### When Elaina gets to the food pantry page, she sees a map of all the food pantries, food drives, and soup kitchens in the Coachella Valley! All the little landmark icons would expand with more details when the mouse is over it like the link to the organization hosting the event, with date and time. Above this map, there is a filter option for the closest one available and time that best suits the food service to the user. There is a calendar icon with a plus at the top right corner (which says add to calendar when the mouse is hovering it) and it easily adds to calendar that is connected to the personal device. It was now super easy to see which food service around her or on campus would fit into her busy schedule! She found out the food pantry is still available on campus too at the Student Activities Center! (Just no fresh vegetables.)

#### The feature that connects with Elaina the most is that there are personal stories of how the food pantry at College of the Desert positively impacted their lives. She saw that people of all ages and statuses were taking part in this community resource whether it was volunteering, donating, or using the service. There were pictures and direct quotes from these people! She felt reassured and knew that she was in good hands. Elaina even saw a similar story to her situation and wants to reach out to that person. She learned that it really doesn’t hurt to ask. She decided to muster up the courage when her Developmental Psychology class is over to go to the Student Activities Center and check out what’s available for her to take home. 

